# Week 1 Project - Bank CLI

## Overview
This application is a simply command line interface \(CLI\) for a banks back-end.
The data is not persistent yet, as there is no database for the application.
To compensate for this, I have added in some false records that are hard-coded into the program, but will be removed later.
The application is currently set to only allow a single user to log in, and the info for that login is \[user: guest, password: password\].
No encryption has been added to the transactions or login yet, but that will be added soon.

## Commands
-"show accounts"
-"display account"
-"search name"
-"new account"
-"close account"
-"help"
-"quit"

## Details
### Bank
This is the base controller for the program.
Eventually everything will be passing through this class.
Currently it holds all Accounts in a map object, the keys being the account numbers.
All Users are held in another map object, but with user names as the keys.
Any transaction that happens with accounts or users, including fetching the information, is done through the Bank class.

### Account
This class is a simple container for each account with basic getters and printing capabilities.
The the account number is unique and generated by the Bank object.

### User
This class is currently only used for logging in to have access to the interface. This class will eventually be an abstract class and its children will be Customer and Adminitrator.
This way all users are still kept track of as a single User map, but the logins will be handled differently, as well as the powers upon logging in. 

### Tests
Running "make tests" and then "tests" will run all of the unit tests for the associated classes and member functions. Still working on getting integration testing set up.