# Week 1 Project - Bank CLI

## Overview
This application is a simply command line interface \(CLI\) for a banks back-end.
The data is persistant through google protobuf, which serializes and deserializes the program objects for storage and loading purposes.
The application currently has a single user setup for login, and the info for that login is \[user: guest, password: password\].
Some login security has been added in the form of passwords being stored as SHA-256 hashes. 
No passwords are stored or acted upon without first hashing them, so as to keep them more secure if someone got access to the database.

## Commands
* "show accounts"
* "display account"
* "search name"
* "new account"
* "close account"
* "display logs"
* "help"
* "quit"

## Details
### Bank
This is the base controller for the program.
Eventually everything will be passing through this class.
Currently it holds all Accounts in a map object, the keys being the account numbers.
All Users are held in another map object, but with user names as the keys.
Any transaction that happens with accounts or users, including fetching the information, is done through the Bank class.
Any errors are stored within an error log, which can be displayed.

### Account
This class is a simple container for each account with basic getters and printing capabilities.
The the account number is unique and generated by the Bank object.
Each account contains a vector of Transaction objects.

### Transaction
This class is used to track the exchange of money in an account. Money is stored as two seperate long values, dollars and cents, to avoid the inaccuracy of floating point values. Each transaction is assigned one of two types, debit or credit, which stand for the withdrawal or deposit of money to the account, respectively.

### User
This class is currently only used for logging in to have access to the interface. This class will eventually be an abstract class and its children will be Customer and Adminitrator.
This way all users are still kept track of as a single User map, but the logins will be handled differently, as well as the powers upon logging in. 

### Tests
Running "make tests" and then "tests" will run all of the unit tests for the associated classes and member functions. Still working on getting integration testing set up.